Add snippet feature to TransportServer (#1413)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/configuration/transportserver-resource.md

In the kubectl get and similar commands, you can also use the short name `ts` instead of `transportserver`.

> ### Using Snippets

Reviewer: could you update the TOC with this section?

> Snippets allow you to insert raw NGINX config into different contexts of NGINX configuration. In the example below, we use snippets to configure several NGINX features in a TransportServer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snippets allow you to insert raw NGINX config into different contexts of NGINX configuration. In the example below, we use snippets to configure [access control](http://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_access_module.html) in a TransportServer:
```

In the kubectl get and similar commands, you can also use the short name `ts` instead of `transportserver`.

### Using Snippets

Snippets allow you to insert raw NGINX config into different contexts of NGINX configuration. In the example below, we use snippets to configure [access control](http://nginx.org/en/docs/stream/ngx_stream_access_module.html) in a TransportServer:

```yaml
apiVersion: k8s.nginx.org/v1alpha1
kind: TransportServer
metadata:
  name: cafe
spec:
  host: cafe.example.com

>   snippets: |

Reviewer: the field needs to be updated

Reviewer: @LorcanMcVeigh there is another omission in the docs - we need to have snippets added to the table in this section https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/transportserver-resource/#transportserver-specification Could you add that?

Author: I've added the section `using-snippets` that describes them and how they're used. It's unnecessary to add it twice. Is there something missing or is there a benefit to adding it in twice?

Reviewer: the tables describe all the supported fields of the resource. so this is for completeness and consistency
